hey how's it going Dave 2d here so razor
recently announced the razor blade 15
and the razor corer X so the razor blade
15 unit that I have here is kind of like
an early unit I don't spend a lot of
time with it so I'm not gonna do a full
review on this but my early impressions
of this thing are quite positive razor
basically took all the issues and kind
of things that people didn't like about
the razor blade 14 and tweaked it
adjusted it and made this it's a brand
new design and I think it's a good look
not that the old one was ugly or
anything but I do like this design more
than the old one so the screen has been
upgraded to a 15.6 inch screen instead
of the fortune inch screen so no more
thick bezels it's got these thin side
bezels and the panels now 144 Hertz
you're gonna get a significantly
smoother gaming experience
you got upgradable SSD upgradable Ram
there's just so much stuff in here that
has been improved it now has a vapor
chamber for a thermal solution and it's
running the 8th gen 6 core Intel CPUs
along with the GTX 1060 or gtx 1070
configuration the trackpad up here is
also significantly bigger and they've
gotten rid of the hardware buttons like
these to have these dedicated buttons
for the blade 14 but now looks like the
buttons are located underneath the
trackpad surface it's thin it's light
and seriously this laptop looks ripe ok
I will be doing a dedicated video on
this in the relatively near future the
razor corer X this is an external GPU
and for the people that are unfamiliar
with external GPUs they're basically
devices that you can connect up to your
laptop to boost graphical performance so
this works with Mac and Windows it's
incredibly easy to install it's toolless
you open up the back slot on your card
connect up the power cables and then
you're done if you plug in your laptop
to this box your laptop and now go ham
now the performance that you get from
this is obviously gonna depend on the
card that you put into this device so I
have a gtx 1018 here I tried a few
different cards and you can expect
around 75 to 80% of the performance of a
desktop installed GPU and there's a lot
of laptops out there right now that
don't have particularly strong graphics
cards like the ultrabooks and stuff like
that plug up one of these things and you
can play games readily now it's not just
for games you're doing video editing 3d
work basically anything that GPU
intensive can take advantage of this
connection now these benchmarks were
done with the razor blade stealth but
any kind of four-lane Thunderbolt 3
equipped laptop should be able to get
very similar performance
as long as that's cooled properly now
the one other thing to keep in mind is
that you want to have your external
monitor plugged up to the box that's
basically how you get the best
performance you can use laptop screens
but it's just a significant performance
it when you send the signal back it's
not the end of the world that's still
gonna be way better than running a
device without an external GPU but for
Best Performance you want to use an
external monitor if you can fan noise is
not too bad it depends on how far we
place it and what GPU you're using but
it's a quiet fan in there it uses a 650
watt power supply it'll feed a full
hundred watts to whatever laptop you
have connected to it and then it's got
500 watts for the GPU so you can fit
some really powerful stuff in there
it can take Titans you can take
basically any car that I've ever used in
my desktops can fit in here including
three slot ones that's one of the big
advantages this is a big box that can
have some really big and powerful GPS if
you're a Macbook user keep in mind that
you need to use an AMD card Mac OS only
supports AMD officially right now there
are workarounds for NVIDIA cards but if
you want official support as a macbook
user you got to go with AMD so the
pricing on this thing is what's most
impressive this thing goes for $2.99
the very first external GPU that I ever
purchased like the first Thunderbolt 3
equipped external GPU was 500 bucks also
made by Razer the original RAZR core
this is $2.99 it's a much more price
competitive product when you compare to
their regular razor core and I think for
a lot of people that using ultra books
or just laptops that aren't very
powerful if it has a fundable 3 port
this is now a viable option for if you
want to play games and stuff like that
now what is missing two big things that
other devices have like the razor core
and other external GPUs it doesn't have
RGB lighting which I think for a lot of
people they don't care about that stuff
it is missing that and it is also
missing ports so this has no extra ports
so if you have any peripherals you have
to connect it to the laptop directly and
that basically wraps it up the razor
core X and the Razer Blade 15 obviously
this wasn't a review of this device I'll
be doing a full review of it very soon
so stay tuned ok hope you guys enjoyed
this video thumbs we liked it
subs if you loved it see you guys next
time